
One of your close pals is having their good karma rewarded -- celebrate with them

Someone close to you is going through some major mood swings right now, so beware that a giggle may turn to tears with little, if any, provocation. Don't take it personally if you seem to trigger a surprising reaction. There are a lot of things going on that you may not be aware of, and these extreme changes of behavior are the start of a trend that may rub off on you. Ride your emotions like a roller coaster—with your hands held straight up!

Do not be afraid to get dirty -- hard work requires some sweat, but you'll have fun!
The future holds some battles for you. You must use today to get in fighting shape. Start by getting your body in shape. Start a new exercise program or get back into one that you've been neglecting. Your body needs to be strong to handle the stress that you will be under. You also need to get your mind in shape. Start reading up on current events and the latest news. You need to be informed to be able to make the right decisions.

One of your close pals is having their good karma rewarded -- celebrate with them.
It's time to lavish yourself with the attention you deserve. Treat yourself right.

Your mood may swing back and forth like a pendulum today, and your emotional reactions might not always be in line with what's going on around you. Don't be surprised if you find yourself laughing hysterically at a boring comment or sobbing during an infomercial. Your emotions will be very close to the surface and unpredictable. Try to ride your swinging feelings without pushing back too hard. This could be a good opportunity to get cozy with uncomfortable emotions.

The time for new people and new ideas has come -- be open to exploring new places!

You are in a very good position to make a great impression on someone new today, so be sure to make the most of it! You can easily win over a new client, a new friend, or a new love interest with your charm and wit. You will have a lot of fun getting to know this person, and they will be very impressed with your ability to make them feel comfortable. You have a way of putting people at ease that is rare and very valuable. You are a natural diplomat.

You've been riding a wave of positive energy. Help others get on the wave with you!

Listen to others reminisce about the past. You will gain some incredible insight.

You need to get out of your comfort zone today -- try something new and exciting!
If you feel like your boss or another authority figure has been trying too hard to control you lately, you're probably right, but that's what they're in your life for right now. Giving up some control over where you go or what you do isn't the end of the world, and it would be in your best interests to stop fighting so hard against them. They know more than you do; otherwise, they wouldn't be in the position they're in. If you want to know as much as they do one day, be quiet and listen 

As a calm comes over your emotional life, look for other areas of your life to grow more peaceful as well. For any social outings today, try to choose an intimate spot that's conducive to private conversations. Avoid crowded places with loud music or a raucous clientele. Even your wardrobe should reflect your calmness with neutral colors and comfortable fabrics that frame your face and let your personality provide all the color.
Give yourself a break later in the day. Make sure there's time to just do nothing.
Try to add more exercise to your daily routine. Your physical self is something you can control a lot more than your emotional self right now, so you might as well make the best of it. Your body is under your control, so what do you want it to do? Take note of what you're putting into it, what you're putting it through, and what you're expecting from it. If all three of those things don't add up, it's time for you to make a change.
After a long period of being frustrated that you aren't quite in step with the trends or news of the day, now you're finally entering a phase in which you're the very picture of hipness. All of your interests, fashion choices, musical tastes, and overall style have everyone buzzing with admiration and just a wee bit of jealousy. But don't be pompous about it. Show those folks that it's possible to be with it and charming at the same time!
It won't be difficult for you to make friends today! Your values are appreciated.
You are in a very good position to make a great impression on someone new today, so be sure to make the most of it! You can easily win over a new client, a new friend, or a new love interest with your charm and wit. You will have a lot of fun getting to know this person, and they will be very impressed with your ability to make them feel comfortable. You have a way of putting people at ease that is rare and very valuable. You are a natural diplomat.

Your gut won't help you out when it comes to money! Research the facts today.
Your attitude about yourself is going through some changes right now, and it's almost like you're getting to know yourself all over again. This process of getting comfortable with new aspects of your personality isn't always the greatest experience, but it's necessary for improving your confidence. One thing that might help you adjust is to avoid folks who are always telling you what to do with your life. You don't need that kind of advice right now.

You are in a very good position to make a great impression on someone new today, so be sure to make the most of it! You can easily win over a new client, a new friend, or a new love interest with your charm and wit. You will have a lot of fun getting to know this person, and they will be very impressed with your ability to make them feel comfortable. You have a way of putting people at ease that is rare and very valuable. You are a natural diplomat.
It won't be difficult for you to make friends today! Your values are appreciated.
