Know thy self, know thy enemy. A thousand battles, a thousand victories - Sun Tzu
To live is to suffer, to survive is to find some meaning in the suffering. - Friedrich Nietzsche
Be the change that you wish to see in the world.” - Mahatma Gandhi
The best revenge is massive success. - Frank Sinatra
The best way out is always through. - Robert Frost
The best way to predict the future is to create it. - Abraham Lincoln
“Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe.” - Albert Einstein
“Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that.” - Martin Luther King Jr.
“Without music, life would be a mistake.” - Friedrich Nietzsche
“Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.” - Marilyn Monroe
“Fairy tales are more than true: not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten.” - Neil Gaiman
“Everything you can imagine is real.” - Pablo Picasso
“Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.” - George Bernard Shaw
“Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.” - Theodore Roosevelt
“Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.” - Winston Churchill
“Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.” - Albert Einstein
“Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.” - Henry David Thoreau
“Life is what happens to us while we are making other plans.” - Allen Saunders
“You talk when you cease to be at peace with your thoughts.” - Khalil Gibran
“Life is what happens while you are busy making other plans.” - John Lennon
“Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.” - Confucius
“Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all.” - Helen Keller
“May you live every day of your life.” - Jonathan Swift
“Life is ours to be spent, not to be saved.” - D. H. Lawrence
“Life is a long lesson in humility.” - James M. Barrie
“We have to dare to be ourselves, however frightening or strange that self may prove to be.” - May Sarton
“Life is a series of natural and spontaneous changes. Don't resist them - that only creates sorrow. Let reality be reality. Let things flow naturally forward in whatever way they like.” - Lao Tzu
“Life is a dream for the wise, a game for the fool, a comedy for the rich, a tragedy for the poor.” - Sholom Aleichem
